---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-04T16:28:06.792Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-04T16:11:56.326Z'
title: Store About
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-01-contact.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: contact/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
Store 

Ellisbeetle Entertainment is a multi-faceted entertainment company which empowers individuals, groups, authors, musicians, producers, cinematographers, and artists to elaborate the individuality of their craft.   We utilize realms of concepts, consultation, music, visual arts, and literature to enhance the creative productivity of our clients. Conceptual Agnostic Composition, CAC, is a new genre/category of music, art, dance, literary works, film, and any other category which falls within the artistic realm.

The origins of CAC, was originally based on all musical genre concepts. It has been expanded to all elements of the arts. Sam Cosby is a musician, composer, and author. He had a dilemma of what category his creations comply to within the constraints which are currently set.  His compositions do not adhere to what is currently laid out.

Methodically, he created CAC.  This new genre/style gives complete artistic freedom and/or expression to its creator and performers.  The premise of CAC consist of the fact that all artistic expression is one and all artistic expression is infinite. CAC is defined as everything which exists in thought, theory, or reality is an artist expression. When the process of creation is put in motion artistically, within the spiritual realm or the evolutionary chain of events, the end results has no boundaries or limitation. The creator embodies themselves within the composition which leaves a part of them within each masterpiece. Characterization includes, but not limited to, the combination of two or more genres, sub-genres or styles of music, art, dance, literary works, or film blended together to make a hybrid composition.

Key components are: meshing genres/styles into one while not adhering to any one style. Obscure instrumentation, visualization, or performing abilities are key, but not essential.

\*All projects produced by Ellisbeetle Entertainment include but not limited to Conceptual Agnostic Compositions\*